Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Y Ivon Man
with David Engles. Good morning. Let's
get to your top stories today. Stocks
across the Asia-Pacific in the red after
President Trump says he is sticking with
the July 9 deadline for trade talks
while threatening Japan with higher
levies in a dispute over rice shipments.
Fed chair J. Powell, meanwhile, say he's
not ruling out a rate cut later on this
month, even as policy makers wait for
the impact of tariffs that so far hasn't
shown up in the data. And Thailand in
turmoil as its top court suspends. The
prime minister will get analysis on the
impact on the world's worst performing
market this year.
[Music]
Good morning. Thanks for joining us
today. lots to get through in the next
let's call it 2 hours or so. So as far
as markets go, risk assets specifically
as you can see we're a down day and
what's happening across the Asia Pacific
is really again back to the trade
conversation and yes we're talking about
that again. It's really the nicay that's
pulling the benchmark lower as well. S&P
futures as you can see are steady and of
course the two and a 10-year yield of
course have been coming under pressure
uh given of course the slowly but surely
question mark pivot coming out of the
Fed as it pertains to rate cuts right
July is that live certainly September
when you look at market pricing flip the
boards please and the story currently is
also in the currency markets with the
dollar index as you can see here uh now
lower for I think a seventh in the last
eight sessions or so euro dollar it's
been a while since we've had at 118 last
48 hours certainly has been that in fact
when you look at one gauge of momentum
14week RSI highest since 20 2016 I
believe or 20 2017 8 year high on that
dollar yen and dollar Taiwan of course
has really seen a lot of sharp moves
this week that's where we're tracking it
very closely right now we're closing in
on the 29 handle and again as far as
that's concerned now speaking of
currency and currency markets and
currency weakness right we have uh
coming up on your screens you have
dollar Hong Kong coming up there and as
you can see the intervention again
coming through out of the HKMA we'll
talk more about that and certainly
highore which has seen a little bit of a
pickup but certainly not to the extent
that would indicate a lot of liquidity
coming back or being siphoned out of the
system right now. uh dollar China this
is interesting right so as far as the
the yuan against the well the the US
dollar is concerned um 716 is a stronger
level certainly but when you look at it
against the basket so that brings into
the conversation the euro for example
euro yuan is at a is at an you know 10
11 uh year high so the the yuan against
the basket having trouble speaking today
as you can see has now hit a four year
low so we'll see how this dovetailes
into the fix certainly and how that
really I guess the wider context there
is really what this weak dollar story
means for this specific measure of the
currency against its basket. Yeah. And
as you say right it's really the the
dollar that continues to be in the
doldrums when you have US stocks at
records. You have treasuries that
rallied the best month since February.
We'll see how that all plays out though
because we've heard quite a bit from the
Fed chair himself in CRA and a pretty
wide-ranging panel there with Francine
Lqua and basically the Fed said that you
know they probably would have cut rates
further this year if not for President
Trump's expanded use of tariffs. Now he
spoke about the state of the US economy
during that panel in CRA.
The US economy is is in a pretty good
position. Inflation has come down close
to to 2%. We're at 2.3 headline 2.7
core. the unemployment rate is at 4.2%.
So, we're healthy overall. Um the the if
you look ignore the tariffs for a
second, uh inflation is behaving pretty
much exactly as we as we have expected
and and hoped that it would. We haven't
seen effects much uh yet uh from from
tariffs and we didn't expect to by now.
We've always said that the timing,
amount, and persistence of the inflation
would be highly uncertain and it
certainly improved that. So, we're
watching. We expect to see over the
summer some readings, higher readings,
but we're prepared to learn uh that it
that it can be higher or lower uh or
later or sooner than we'd expected. But
chair, would the Fed have cut more by
now if it weren't for the tariffs?
So I I do think that I think that's
right where in effect we went on hold uh
when we when we saw the size of the
tariffs and where and essentially all
all inflation forecasts for the United
States went up materially as a
consequence of the tariffs. So uh we we
didn't overreact at in fact we didn't
react at all. We're we're simply taking
some time. As long as the US economy is
in a in solid shape we think the the the
prudent thing to do is to wait and learn
more and see what those effects might
be. And again, they they haven't really
shown up uh and you know, so we're for
now we're waiting.
There we go. Fed chair Jay Powell at the
ECB forum in Portugal with our colleague
of course their Francine Law. Let's
bring our team right now to make sense
of that and what that means you know
broadly speaking in the context of the
broader tariff conversation they would
have cut if not for the uh for the
latter there. Mark Cranfield in
Singapore for us also there is Bill
Ferry's also joining us there to talk us
through the tariff conversation. Mark,
let me start with you. It's showing up
in Japan today as far as the tariff
conversation goes, but just let's take a
step back. Is it clear now that the
Fed's about to cut rates?
Well, our colleague in London, Simon
White, is writing extensively
about how the Fed could use the soft
data as their reason for lowering
interest rates in July. That's not
priced into the markets by any means
yet. markets seem to be more convinced
that September is the likely time for a
rate cut. But if you look at things like
the ISM survey and the leading
indicators, they are showing clear
cracks appearing in the confidence
people have in the the route that the
American economy is taking. Now, those
are things which the Fed would have
probably taken more seriously if there
wasn't a tariff situation. So if Jerome
Pow is being more open-minded about it,
if more Fed speakers are saying that the
time is right to lower interest rates,
it may well be that they lean more on
the soft numbers rather than the hard
numbers. Because if you look purely at
the unemployment rate, that's not really
giving a big warning signal that they
need to cut rates quickly. But other
things are certainly deteriorating. And
that is suggesting that despite the
surface looking okay, underneath
American consumers are losing some
confidence. American people in general
are not so sure about the outlook for
the economy. And that can well feed back
into risks later in the year. GDP could
start to soften. So the Fed may want to
be preemptive. They may want to say the
warning signals are getting higher and
stronger and we may need to do a small
rate cut in July. They've still got
time. There's still a few weeks to go.
They can start to direct the market in
that way. If that's the case, you can
expect to hear some pretty darbish
comments from Fed speakers in the next
couple of weeks.
Uh Bill, I'll bring you in. We're just
getting some lines from the Japanese
Prime Minister uh Ishaba. He's talking
about talk to the USC more about
investment than tariffs. Uh but what
we're hearing right now from Trump is
that you know he's not willing to extend
that July 9th deadline particularly when
it comes to Japan. Do you think this is
this sort of latest bout of
brickmanship? Is it just negotiation
tactics or how should we interpret this?
Well, yeah, I think uh there's
definitely a dose of uh just the
negotiation tactics here with the Trump
administration. I don't think he's ever
going to announce an extension of a of a
deadline until you're right on top of
that deadline. So there's still uh I
think a full week to go before that July
9th deadline. But he is talking very
tough about Japan. He's been talking
tough about them for several days when
it comes to uh their acceptance of
imports of rice and automobiles from the
United States. uh and it's possible he
may try to make some kind of a a tough
example out of uh out of Japan even
though uh at the start of this whole
process Japan was seen as a leading
contender to get one of the first deals
and perhaps a good deal. Um so there's
still several days of talks ahead of us.
Uh we are hearing that some of the
negotiations with India are perhaps
going well but we are a very long ways
from the 90 deals in 90 days that we
heard trades Peter Navaro talking about
uh back in April. So I think the going
has been a lot tougher. I think the
expectations for how comprehensive these
deals are are going to be lower. We saw
with China and the UK that these were
really more like framework agreements.
Now, we're hearing from Japan that maybe
this is more about uh more about getting
investment, promising investment in the
United States than it really is about
the specific tariff level. One thing
though, Japan really wants to avoid that
24% tariff they were facing in early
April. They want to see that negotiated
uh much lower.
Mark, it's I mean the stand out to the
downside today is certainly Japan, but I
mean 270 points in an NK is hardly a
sell-off. How do we need to be looking
at the impact if any really at Japanese
equities uh over the short term?
It's pretty hard for traders to take big
negative views ahead of this July the
9th. The issue that all macro traders
face is that you can build up short
positions, but they're relatively
expensive to do so. So unless you get
that quick sell off in markets, you're
left holding positions which don't give
you any returns, and it actually cost
you to do so. It's more likely that
people will leave their ammunition dry
until much closer to the time. So if the
sense is that President Trump is not
going to back down, that he is going to
hit people with a number of different
measures come July the 9th, something
similar to what he did in April, then
much closer to the time maybe within 24
hours or so of the event. Then you'll
start to see people get pretty serious
about taking a defensive posture. It
could well be that we just drift around
for the next few days. We do have an
unemployment report coming in the US.
There'll be some volatility around that.
There may even be some reaction if the
tax and spending bill goes through. But
mostly people will be holding their m
their powder dry until much closer to to
the date so they actually can see
exactly what President Trump is going to
do because it's becoming a bit of a
binary decision for traders and you it's
just hard to make money if you do it too
far in advance. But if we do get
anything like the liberation day April,
it will be very dramatic and for a
couple of days markets could go into a
real tail spin. But that's something to
look at next week, not this week. Bill
Mark mentioned about this uh tax and
spending bill in the US. It it voted and
went through in in the Senate. Uh and of
course it's heading to the House of
Representatives soon. What are we likely
to face here? Are we likely to get set
some sort of law by July 4th deadline?
It's looking really tight. I mean, the
House is coming in on uh on Wednesday
morning in the US uh to take this up,
but we already know that this is a more
expensive bill uh than the one the House
barely passed just a few weeks ago.
There's going to be a lot of fiscal
conservatives on the Republican side who
are going to have real problems passing
legislation that they didn't like the
first time around and now you throw in
an extra $500 billion in uh in costs
over the next decade. That's going to be
that's going to be a real hard sale. The
Republicans can still just like in the
Senate in the House they can only afford
to lose three votes uh if Democrats
stand united as we expect that they
would. They've already basically lost
two of those votes. people who were nos
in the earlier round. Uh and there's at
least a half a dozen uh fiscal
conservatives who are starting to b at
the price tag we're seeing here. So I
think there's going to be a lot of horse
trading. It's going to be a very
difficult day Wednesday in the house. Uh
that July 4th deadline is looking a lot
shakier right now.
Yeah, Bill. In fact, just just crossing
right now as this Fox interview just
ended with, you know, House Speaker
Johnson. Just hopefully to your point
there, Wednesday and Thursday, which
will be tricky. Hopefully the voting on
that bill uh will take place on those
two days at at the latest. Mark, just a
final word with you, Mr. Cranfield. I'm
looking at the euro 118 on the dollar.
It's up every single day nearly against
the Chinese currency. Is there anything
I should be paying attention to there as
far as the euro goes?
Well, really it comes down to to next
week really. If if we do get a riskoff
event, obviously the euro will suffer
the same as many other things, any
positioning which has become quite
stretched leading into the July the 9th
and that would be dollar weakness,
equity market strength to certain extent
even the treasury the short end of
Treasury market has been performing
quite well. Anything where positioning
has built up on the positive side could
all be reversed very quickly. So the
euro will be an obvious example. But
within the bigger picture, if there was
a bit of a sell-off in the euro next
week, a lot of people would probably
think that's a great time to get back
onto it because the the dollar shorting
story is not going to go away as long as
President Trump is in the White House
and that foreign investors think that
some of his policies are just not going
to be beneficial to the United States in
the long term, particularly because of
the fiscal deficit getting worse. That
is a negative for a long time for the US
dollar. It won't be a straight line
process, but the things that are pulling
the US dollar down look as though
they're going to stick around for a long
time and international investors know
that. So, if anything, any dip buying
opportunities in the other currencies
such as the euro, the yen or the Chinese
currency, people will step up, but we
could get some pretty high volatility in
the near term because for the moment
positioning is a bit stretched.
Mark, thank you so much. Jent, thank you
so much. Mark Mark Cranfield and Bill
Fairies both in Singapore for us. Right.
Coming up, Hong Kong markets of course
reopen today in 15 minutes or so. CICC
will be joining us and effectively what
they're saying is buy on dips but do not
chase, take profit at exuberance is the
call coming out of Kevin Leo. We'll try
and understand where they are on the
spectrum between extreme fear and
exuberance. Where we are currently as we
go into the market reopen here in Hong
Kong 15 minutes away counting down to
that. also in Shanghai in Shenzhen. This
is the China show. Good morning.
[Music]
7:1546 is the midpoint of the day. So,
following the strongest fix yesterday,
strongest in about 8 months or so.
steady as she goes compared to the one
yesterday. U not much movement as far as
the Chinese currency goes. It's
certainly against the basket where you
want to be paying attention to. And of
course the the other currency in mind is
uh dollar honky following intervention
today. Yep. That's certainly one to
watch. Highore rates we did see them
spike up just a little bit uh yesterday
but then came back down. So we'll see if
there's any sort of movement there
today. In terms of your agenda, we are
still wrapping up Wangi's trip in
Europe. also that UN basket as as as
Dave mentioned here with the the
four-year low that the UN has reached
against that basket here as well. Retail
sales number coming through in Hong
Kong. We'll see how things have been
going here this summer and particularly
when it comes to the tourism side of
things. Intervention watch as we
mentioned about when HKD as well. And of
course, we talked about the EV sector.
Uh we did see those monthly numbers
coming through here pretty strong for
the EV sector and Macau casinos as well.
Some of these ADRs did surge on the back
of some pretty strong gaming revenue
coming out of Macau as well. Yeah, EV's
come to mind when you talk about
competition. Certainly the latest
iteration of of that. Now, China's top
leadership in fact is on that topic has
pledged to to curb aggressive price
competition among businesses aiming to
accelerate these efforts toward a
unified national market to help boost
domestic demand. Let's bring in Minlo to
tell us more about what this exercise
means. this unified national market and
how exactly this is going to work. Yes.
So, President C chaired this high level
economic meeting and he urged the
country to remove this what he calls
disorderly low price competition and the
outdated industrial capacity. So, what
happens in China is there are these 23
different provinces plus a few special
administrative regions and they are all
operating almost like individual
entities. They're competing with one
another. Whenever the central government
comes up with a strategic goal or a
directive, the local government
officials pay attention. They try to
implement those plans and compete with
one another to boost their own
production numbers, their own GD, GDP
numbers to move out that political uh
food chain. And what happens is then
these provinces will come up with their
own investment attraction sort of
incentives, their own standards and
regulations, different sort of um
processes for uh for bidding for
government procurement. uh contracts for
example and it creates a lot of
inefficiencies and sometimes it creates
over capacity because of that intense
competition from all the different
provinces. So the government is trying
to remove all of these local
protectionist measures align all the
government practices regulate all the
different investment incentives from the
different localities to integrate this
national unified market so that they can
fully tap this 1.4 billion people
instead of having it be fragmented into
different markets. And of course this is
taking on increased urgency given the
global trade tensions and the attention
on trying to boost domestic demand. This
is directly addressing that deflationary
pressure on the economy. We're already
seeing these price wars in the EV sector
for example. How is this all going to
play out then? Yeah. So BYD for example
has made very steep discounts I I
believe 24% discount on some models to
try to boost its market share. And again
this is just one example. It's very
common in the growth of a sector in
China where you see this uh sort of
intense price competition that leads to
the consolidation because it's a process
of weeding out some of the weaker
players right because a few years ago
there have been hundreds of these EV
players and now we are only only hearing
about the big ones not all of them are
going to be profitable and we see this
same cycle with the mature industries
like the solar industry where in the
last few years we started to see these
bankruptcies happening and this process
is just starting out in the AI industry.
where there are these hundreds of large
language models, every company wants to
invest in their own. Um, and the former
deputy governor of the PBC talking about
how there'll be a hundred of these Deep
Seek related software uh coming out in
the next few years. So, it's starting to
ramp up there and eventually, you know,
it's about who's going to hold out the
longest when the investment dries up and
the the profit doesn't come in. So,
there's a lot of this supply chain
reform. After that process when the
oligopies take hold then there is the
anti- uh unfair competition law that the
government is also trying to enforce as
well. We have seen Alibaba mtoan being
hit with those. So it's all these supply
chain measure uh reform to try to make
the entire market a little bit more
friendly and um more more friendly for
private entrepreneurs in particular. M
thank you our China correspondent Mim Lo
there. Of course, take a look at futures
are slightly up here this morning and of
course we're waiting that Hong Kong
reopening here after coming back from
that holiday. Looks like we're looking
pretty good in the pre-market. We're up
some 1%. Macau casinos are leading that
charge it seems right now. June gaming
revenue was a beat as well and we are
seeing these casino operators doing
quite well today. Yeah, Galaxy leading
that up 10% in your pre-market. So,
we're now looking at gains of 32% from
the April lows. highest level now for
the bloomer gauge of casinos coming up
on your screens very shortly since mid
December. A full preview of the market
day is coming up. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Looks like we're coming back from this
holiday in Hong Kong on a positive note,
especially in the EV sector. So, we got
that month uh June sales up there when
it comes to BYD. So, up 10% there.
You're seeing the stock up some 2% this
morning. Macau Casinos, that's the one
to watch. So, June gaming revenue was
good. That was boosted by Kanto pop icon
Jackie Chun's concert series as some
cities say. And that's really how why
you seeing Galaxy and Melco up some 9%
following what we saw with some of the
ADRs overnight there as well. E-commerce
stocks as well. We're focusing what's
going on in the US. There's been some
legislation about the uh the the
I can never say it. Deminimus
deminimus that could hit the likes of
Tamu could hit the likes of Shien. So
we're watching the e-commerce sector
very closely here in the Hong Kong
session. Yeah. Looking at that. So and
you are getting a few drivers across
these markets at at the reopen. Of
course, you have to divide that by two
given, of course, the the closure that
we had on on Tuesday. Now, all that
being said, so the broader read and I
guess this is an indication of maybe how
far this rally could go and whether or
not today is simply a correction of
yesterday's closure. You have the Nikki
225 again on maybe let's call it
friction on the tariff. Well, the trade
conversations taking place there. So, as
you can see, the Nikki is off about
let's call it 1%. S&P futures are flat.
You're not really getting a strong bid
across havens. So it's not also that
kind of day when you look at that dollar
index, Bloomberg dollar index again
seems the weakest for the seventh day uh
in the last eight and that takes us into
the weaker Hong Kong dollar story which
I think as as a function of interest
rates and the rate differential between
where in the US and here with highore
still yes still at 7%. Yes, it's a pick
up from the lows but certainly nowhere
near where you are on any dollar rates
out there. So the hybrid is going to be
very much in focus following
intervention this week coming out of the
HKMA. Anyway, the open is next. We're
called higher 1% on Hangen Index 243 on
the benchmark here. The opening bell 3
minutes away. This is the China show.
Good morning.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China Show under a minute
away to the open and the weather is wow.
Look juxtaposing the live pictures out
of Shanghai where it looks to be a
beautiful but looks to be hot and humid.
It's wet and humid here in Hong Kong. In
fact, I woke up and our floors at home
were bit on the slippery side, which I
guess underscores the and I'll tie that
together with the high bar, the amount
of liquidity that's in the system right
now, Ivon, is is hard to underscore.
We're going to talk about high bar rates
with uh with CIC coming up here. That
certainly is maybe the liquidity that
we're seeing in this market. Maybe one
of the signs that why we're seeing these
southbound flows quite strong and what's
leading to this Hong Kong uh resilience
here in the equity market, right? And
that's despite these tariff headlines
that we're getting on Japan. You you
date back to maybe a few months ago and
we would see a headline like, you know,
Trump not considering extending July
9th, you know, deadlines and that what
used to send markets in a tail spin.
You're not seeing that anymore. Markets
have moved on in some ways. There is a
bit of terror fatigue out there and
that's why perhaps we are seeing pretty
flat open here when it comes to Shanghai
and you're seeing, you know, what we're
seeing in terms of the the bond space as
well. Uh it's slightly in the green but
not much movement there. Steel's doing
quite well. We're seeing a movement up
at 1% here. Shanghai crude is also
slightly elevated. Iron ore though after
five straight months of declines in the
iron ore price. Maybe we're seeing a
little bit of recovery here today. But
big movers like Quan Maai cats catching
a slight bit here today. But you know
really not much movement except for the
likes uh of what we're seeing in Hong
Kong where actually I think that we're
seeing much more activity there. So
maybe it's a bit of a catchup story
after we were shut yesterday. Uh but
certainly we're talking a lot about the
dollar, right? And then what we saw from
CRA and Jay Powell was a quite a
wide-ranging panel. And really him in
some ways acknowledging or at least open
to the idea of a July cut from the Fed
seems to have at least helped uh in some
ways market sentiment uh and and the
like here. So he said, you know,
basically if it weren't for tariffs and
the threat of tariffs, maybe the Fed
would have cut earlier, right? Take a
look at how Hong Kong's doing. We're up
1% here. HS Tech is catching that bid
here this morning and we're watching
very closely Hong Kong dollar. So, of
course, we thought saw another move from
the HKMA of buying up the local currency
here. We're just off the weekend of the
ban at 784 levels here right now, but
they did buy 2.6 billion worth of honky
dollar. That's more than double what
they had to buy just the previous week
as well. We'll see how hybrid rates
react. We did see a brief spike just sub
1% on one month high, but then we came
back down. We'll see how that fares here
later on here today as well. H shares
are up here as well. Property also doing
well. So, of course, if we see hybrid
rates come up, we'll see what that means
for the property side of things here for
Hong Kong. And tech seems to be catching
a bit. Take a look at Alibaba. We're up
1%. B was up some 2% as well. And we're
watching EVs, right? So, we mentioned
those June monthly sales were very good
for most of these names, right? BYD is
up 10% amid this price war. That seems
to be working right now. We're up 2%.
Great wall is also up some 2%. J up some
4% this morning. And Macau Casinos is
one of those bright spots as well. Take
a look what we saw in the June gaming
revenue numbers up 32% from the April
lows, right? So certainly that's helping
overall. People are talking about the
stellar lineup when it comes to
concerts. Pop icon Jackie chose is is
there performing here right now. So that
certainly is help lifting the likes of
Mela. Look at that. We're up some 15%.
Galaxy also up 7 and a half%. City came
out with a note saying look they're
expecting when it comes to gross gaming
revenue uh could be seeing growth of 6%
yearon year in the second half as well.
So he said he mentioned about the low
base they also mentioned about the
stellar lineup coming up in terms of
events as well. So a lot going on in
Macau Dave. Yeah it's only 9:30 in the
morning and all this talk about Macau.
It's been a while since I've had and I'm
not sure if you guys have had it and I
highly recommend that. I don't endorse
things here on the shows, but I've had I
haven't had that a pork chop bun in a
long time. Fantastic. It's hard to
underscore. What about a What about an
egg tart, too? Why not? Why not? Let's
Let's Let's You know what? I'm going to
I'm going to call for delivery right
now. If someone can get Portuguese egg
tarts and a pork chop bun delivered to
the set, that's really this random bout
and burst of happiness that that
produces over the next, it's hard to
underscore the amount of glee uh a pork
chop bun, a proper pork chop bun brings.
Anyway, I digress. We're talking about
these markets and we're looking at now
year to date. So, we're just about a
couple of days into the second half of
this year. Hangs in China index has had
a stellar first half, let's call it 21%.
What does the second half hold for these
Chinese markets? Kevin Leo, managing
director and chief offshore China and
overseas strategist at CICC joins us
here on set. It's nice to see you. Good
morning. Good morning. So, let's call it
a 20% year-to- date pop in let's call it
Hong Kong stocks. What does the second
half look like to you? Well, if we look
at the 20% of the performance is mostly
contributed in the first quarter. If we
take a look at the liberation day of the
performance, it's actually flattened.
It's actually underperforming the global
peers. So looking forward into the
second half, the way we look at into
that is based on the higher relatively
higher base in the first quarter whether
we're going to see uh you know more
catalyst. The whole idea is the market
is still in a rangebounding kind of a
sense uh over the past one months or so.
Yeah, it actually you know in the range
bond kind of a style since actually
September you know three waves of rally
every time it overshoot and then pull
back but fortunately the bottoms are
getting higher. So the whole idea right
now if we look at the equity risk
premium the indicator we find very
useful the sentiments pricing is almost
as high as what we experienced in early
October whether we're going to see
looking into the second half uh for
example the stronger physical
expectation compared to September 24 the
stronger AI expectation compared to
January and also even lower tariff
compared to where we stand right now. uh
so we still think you know the market
are in the uh wrench bonding kind of
style but the fortunate thing is
liquidity is pretty abundant so that's
why explains you know a lot of activity
and also you know crowd trading in those
growth sectors buy on dips there are
bottom protection but relatively you
know take profit partially when the
market are at exempance and then focus
on structure you mentioned there's
plenty of liquidity out there but
there's also a lack of quality return
assets. Yeah. And that's why you're
seeing a lot of strategists like
yourself that come on this show and say,
"Look, it's still going to be Barbell
strategy. I'm going to buy a dividend
stock and pair it with a growth stock."
Why do you think that's still happening?
Well, uh that's very interesting kind of
phenomenon. If we look at past few
years, barbell allocation works quite
well. Uh the banking sector is probably
one of the best if not the best strategy
throughout the market over the past
three years. So that's the barbar
strategy and the growth sector AI
biotech new consumption. The whole idea
is the overall economy uh driven by the
credit cycle is still luck wall making
the overall ROE is not very strong but
you have a lot of liquidity not to
mention on the macro level but also on
the micro level look at the hybrid rate
look at the system in the Hong Kong
market. So what investor going to do
using this kind of liquidity searching
for those select quality stocks. So
they're going to continue to rotate in
the growth space but also for the
dividend sector they're going to
shrinking the scope. It's all about AOE.
Remember previous you know over the past
one to two year oil and coal sector also
regarded as high dividend but with their
return and cash flow are decline people
are kind of a shrinking back into the
banking sector. Do you think that
remains the case or though that remains
the trade to be more specific while
inflation has yet to come back and while
the housing crisis and housing
challenges remain? Do you think that's
the trade that remains in your view?
Well, the trade there's no specific, you
know, rule or historical experience to
say, you know, how long it's going to
break through. It all depends on how we
going to resolve the current credit
cycle thing. Let me take a metaphor, you
know, before we dive into details. It's
like, you know, situation of the
economy. You try to boil a cup of a boil
water for a cup of tea. To boil the
water, you have to continue to add
firewoods. The moment you slow down the
speed of adding firewoods, the water
going to cool down and then you add more
firewoods. So that's what's happening.
The economy can be you know three parts.
The first parts is the traditional
private sector demands property general
consumption is driven by people's
expectation is yet to be fully
recovered. The second part is a physical
uh is like you know counter cyclical
measure like adding fire roots and third
part is a new driver AI new consumption.
So with the first two parts they are
still you know try to holding up try to
you know try to make it stabilize the
good thing compared to 2024 is
stabilizing. So we always suggest you
know downside protection buy on dips but
it's haven't fully break through. That's
right. Yeah. How should I look at
tariffs now? The tariff impact on some
of the equities that you look at because
I take a look at how stock markets
globally are doing. They look at a trade
headline now. Yeah. And they just
exactly it's not a big deal anymore.
Should I should I really ignore those
risks? Well, there are still
uncertainties. For example, the July the
nice uh deadline and August 12th's
deadline. You know, nobody knows whether
they're going to give me uh another
noises. But you're right, the market has
a learning capability. They digest this
for three months. they know you know a
lot of bargaining skills there wonder
scare a lot of people but last time we
talked about this I met this point at
this unreasonable level you know we
don't have to be over pessimistic
because nobody can stand that for long
but after it deescalate at this level
there are still uncertainty uh market
are knowing President Trump just want
10% for the rest of economy rest of the
world because he has to collect the
revenue to pay for his one big beautiful
bill M but if that is the bottom line
whether China can have even lower tariff
compared to the current level for
example 20% off for fentinel is a
question because given that level we
don't even have to do any intermediate
trade parts. Well, what's the what is
what is your assumption on the longer
term effective tariff rate that you
think will will linger and you know be
be part of this reality for the
foreseeable future? You know what what
does that look like on on the back of
these negotiations? The longer term the
way I look at this is backward looking
all you know we look at the results
right what he want to achieve and then
find what he want to do uh in order to
balance the United States physical
pressure uh without making the physical
deficit to search uh he has to collect
10% making the effective terror rate 16
to 17%. That means 10% for the rest of
world and roughly 30% for China. And
with doing that, you know, he going to
make the balance relatively, you know,
revenue from tariff and expenditure for
the for the tax cost for the next five
or 10 year or so. Okay, that's the the
external threats. You still mentioned
about the structural opport
opportunities there are in this market,
right? I look at AI. I look at labuboos
and this new consumption trend. I look
at biotech and it's on fire. But it's
also very crowded right now. What do I
do with that theme? Well, the whole
idea, the key rule is to buy proper good
sector at a proper level and time.
Although we know in a long-term struct
in the long-term way in the sector trend
they are good but as you said it's going
to crowd crowded. We do an indicator to
measure how crowded it is. We use the
turnover for this sector divided by the
overall market turnover to compare with
their market share finding that new
consumption is very crowded and biotech
is also a little bit crowded but they
pull back recently and AI and tech from
the peak of the March have cooled down
quite a lot. So why not come back to AI
and attack? We know the long-term
structure is there by at relatively not
very crowded level. Just very quickly,
are you concerned about competition?
Because we're trying to figure out
market share margins and that seems to
be jumping from one industry to another
ultra high competition and I wonder what
that looks like for other sectors that
haven't quite seen that yet. Yeah. Well,
I mean the competition, yes, it is. It's
a lot of, you know, in the near term,
it's a lot of a liquidity kind of driven
story that liquidity, you know, going
this here, this sector, that sector. uh
but the whole idea is if it's going to
the some sector without strong
fundamental support it will create kind
of a you know short-term rally but it's
not going to be sustainable so that's
the whole idea Kevin it's great to have
you managing director and chief offshore
China and overseas strategist at CICC
research we got plenty more ahead this
is Bloomberg
[Music]
Welcome back. We're about 14 going in 15
minutes into the cash market session now
and we are giving up most of the early
gains. We are still looking at some
green on your screens there. Uh you had
some monthly numbers coming through
decent 10% BYD among others of course.
Uh in fact that's the best sales of the
year after slashing its prices that
that's BYD of course but you know
strategies really come quite literally
at a cost with policy makers and
investors alike now criticizing the
discounting for more on that we go uh
headed over now to Linda Louu in Beijing
for us of course our age transport
reporter to talk us through this. Yeah,
Linda, make sense of the numbers that
they reported in light of perhaps what's
ahead given we given the trend in
pricing and discounts we're seeing.
Like you said, uh their latest uh price
discounting uh came with a lot of cost
because it actually drew a lot of
concerns from regulators as well as
industry bodies over the sustainability
of such uh kind of intense competition
in the industry. So BYYD has actually
gotten a lot of negative attention for
that. But uh for the amount of sales
that is stimulated didn't actually uh
seem that significant. It grew 10% uh
which is a decent amount. But if you
compare that to some of its other rivals
including Xpong, Leap Motor, they were
on much stronger momentum. Um, Leap
Motor and Exponent either doubled or
tripled their sales in June uh compared
to a year earlier. So, uh, BYD is kind
of on the back foot here um, after this
latest strategy backfired.
How are they doing in terms of the
overseas expansion, right? I think it's
like they've been able to do, you know,
pretty well still in Europe right now.
Yes. So overseas is one bright spot for
BYD at the moment. Their sales outside
of China for June grew to more than
90,000 units. Uh that's a record high
for them. They're also uh on a stronger
performance in Europe. So Chinese
automakers uh share of the EV market in
Europe actually rose to the highest uh
in 10 months recently and registrations
also topped 5%. So BYD and some of its
other peers are on a roll in Europe as
competition gets more intense at home.
They are going to ramp up that drive to
search for international uh markets
where the margins will be better.
All right, Linda, thank you. Linda Lou
there, our Bloomberg Asia transport
reporter joining us out of Beijing this
morning. Some other stories that we're
tracking around the world. President
Trump says he'll look into deporting
billionaire Elon Musk. made the comment
after being asked about the allied turn
critic of his signature tax and spending
bill.
We'll have to take a look. We might have
to put Doge on Elon. You know, you know
Doge is Doge is the monster that have
that might have to go back and eat Elon.
Wouldn't that be terrible? He gets a lot
of subsidies, Peter. But uh Elon's very
upset that the EV mandate is going to be
terminated. And you know what? When you
look at it, who wants not everybody
wants an electric car.
Meanwhile, President Trump says Israel
has agreed to conditions for a 60-day
ceasefire in Gaza. In a post on Truth
Social, he says mediators will now
deliver the proposal to Hamas, warning
them that the deal will not get better,
only worse. Trump had earlier said an
agreement on Gaza would come as soon as
next week. Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is set to visit the
White House on Monday. Yeah. And coming
up on the shows here, we'll be speaking
with the Israeli consul general in
Shanghai about relations with China and
of course the Netanyahu government's
push for Beijing to increase its
pressure on Iran. Right. Let's stay on
same politics. Uh talk about Thailand.
Certainly that's really come front and
center when you look at business
sentiment. You look at the markets where
in that hole that equity markets are in.
So you have the constitutional court
suspending the prime minister while it
reviews this petition seeking her
permanent removal over alleged ethical
misconduct. Let's bring in Paticha
Tanaka Sanipat here our bureau reporter
in Bangkok for us to get us through what
the latest is today. This seems to be a
very fastmoving story. Papicha
David the prime minister will now have
to fight for her political survival. She
has been given 15 days to respond to the
allegations uh while the constitutional
court deliberates on the case which
could take weeks or months. But in the
meantime uh the Thai government will
still be able to operate under an acting
leader and the newly reshuffled cabinet
will be sworn in on Thursday and begin
its duty as soon as that is done. uh
that while that is expected to ensure a
degree of policy continuity, a slower
decision-m is may be expected as the
government will be distracted with the
ticking time bomb that is the
constitutional court verdict and there
is really legitimate cost for concern as
this is not the first time that the
court will have a say over the Thai
leaders f political future.
So until that verdict comes through,
what what are some of the key watch
points that we need to be mindful of?
Sure.
The court decision has thrown uh
Thailand deeper into this ongoing
political crisis, Ivonne. And uh so the
key watch point and the next big
question is whether this coalition,
which has already been sitting on the
brink of collapse for weeks, will
actually fall apart this time because if
any of the coalition parties decide that
this is a sinking ship and then they
jump, that will have huge ramifications
on the fate of the next fiscal budget.
um because the budget bill is not
expected to be passed by parliament
until the end of August. Um and also an
a key watch point would also be the
escalation of protests and political
temperature on the ground as that could
raise risks uh of uh military
intervention and also uh lastly the uh
polit the impact of political
instability on the US trade talks will
be a key watch point. Uh the Thai uh
finance minister is in Washington DC
this week and any progress or headway on
that matter will really be a shot in the
arm for the government which has been
struggling to boost boost growth as well
as regain investor confidence.
Well, speaking of investor confidence,
we know this year has been extremely
challenging for local markets there, but
we did see a pop and a and a rebound in
in the set index yesterday. What gives
Bicha?
Exactly. the set actually rallied 1.9%
yesterday. I think because the investors
heaved a sigh of relief thinking that um
the uh constitutional court case would
lead to the deescalation of protests and
it remains to be seen if this is just a
relief rally for now because as we have
seen the set is still the worst
performer among major global markets
this year having declined to more than
20% and even plunging to a 5-year low
earlier at the beginning of this
political turmoil. Uh the bot is also
expected to uh uh be affected by the
crisis even after it has been supported
earlier by the decline in the dollar as
well as retreat in oil prices and uh you
know we have to watch out for whether um
foreign investors will sell off more
Thai assets this year as they have done
uh have as they have sold more than two
billion so far.
Pavicha, thank you. Pavicha Tanakas and
Peipat there, our Bangkok bureau
reporter with the latest. And of course,
we're going to dig into the market
impact of this Thai political crisis. In
our next hour, City Group's head of
Thailand equities is going to be joining
us much more ahead. This is Bloomberg,
[Music]
right? Welcome back. Just a pulse of
these equity markets as we go into the
second half of the China show. Just a
quick glance at casinos. Really the big
standout today as far as sector groups
are concerned here. 15% for Melco. Uh we
open about nine closer to even 10% on
Galaxy Entertainment. We have paired
back some of the early early gains. But
as you can see, really a standout here
as far as, you know, the fundamental
story certainly has improved almost
monthto month from casino intake and
then you have now non-gaming revenue
that's really started to to show. Yeah,
a lot of concerts there. Jackie Chung,
Jackie Chung, one of my faves. Uh, you
take a look when it comes to copper
prices and the like here. Certainly,
we've been seeing a little bit more
optimism giving some what we saw in the
Taiishi manufacturing numbers yesterday
here. So, we're watching some of these
uh copper-l like names here. Jangi
copper, for example, up close to 2% here
right now. 31 Heiso for the medal.
You're watching the China show.
[Music]
Welcome to the China Show. Oh, here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. So, coming back from that
holiday, looks like we've lost a bit of
momentum there after 30 minutes of trade
here. So, we were actually initially
seeing some decent gains of of close to
north 1%, but now we've come back a
little bit here today and obviously
we're watching very closely what happens
here uh when it comes to the dollar.
Obviously, the HKMA had to intervene
once again yesterday here. Uh eight
shares also seeing some of those gains
evaporate here right now too. I think
Johanna Tuah and her team put out that
note I think about two days back that
this is just the start of more
intervention likely to come here because
the uh the amount of liquidity that they
siphoned off was on the smaller side of
things again. So this time the next hour
look at the highore rates coming out as
well. So bit of a pick up from the blows
but certainly still way below that 1%
handle. So speaking of dollar Hong Kong
784 and again we are inching again
closer and closer again back to the 785
handle there. Um, interestingly, one
specific pair we were tracking today is
Euro Yuan at 845 is a level we haven't
seen, I believe, in 11 years as far as
that specific pair is concerned. Dollar
Taiwan is at 2920 and the broader read
across risk assets right now. Asia, you
have Japan pulling Asia down. used
futures are steady and of course the Fed
conversation around the twos and the
tens and the 10 year on your screens
slightly to the upside 42475 against a
dollar that's now picked up a little bit
in the last 30 uh minutes uh or so but
yes u it's really making sense of all
the the increasing the slow changes to
the tone coming out of Fed officials
yeah it's interesting right when we we
were leading up to CRA and we were
wondering when when J Pal is going to be
maybe leaning more towards the davish
side of what we heard from Chris Waller
from Michelle Bowman. And I think what
happened in Portugal seems to at least
get one step closer to that reality
possibly here. Uh and what I thought was
the key takeaway was when Francine asked
Jay Powell, "Would you have cut rates
sooner had there not been this whole
tariff threat?" And he was quite open
about it. He said, "Yeah, we would
have." Yeah. And I think the the the the
sticking point that they they were
underscoring there was he expects
inflation to show up in the next few
months and summer months, right? So were
it not for the tariff, they would have
in fact perhaps be leaning more
doubbish. In fact, on that very note, he
did speak about the state uh the US
economy and how he's handling pressure
as well from President Trump during that
policy panel uh in Centra. Have a look.
The US economy is is in a pretty good
position. Inflation has come down close
to to 2%. We're at 2.3 headline 2.7
core. The unemployment rate is at 4.2%.
So, we're healthy overall. Um the the if
you look ignore the tariffs for a second
uh inflation is behaving pretty much
exactly as we as we have expected and
and hoped that it would. We haven't seen
effects much uh yet uh from from tariffs
and we didn't expect to by now. We've
always said that the timing amount and
persistence of the inflation would be
highly uncertain and it's certainly
improved that. So we're watching. We
expect to see over the summer some
readings, higher readings, but we're
prepared to learn uh that it that it can
be higher or lower uh or later or sooner
than we'd expected. But chair, would the
Fed have cut more by now if it weren't
for the tariffs?
So I I do think that I think that's
right where in effect we went on hold uh
when we when we saw the size of the
tariffs and where and essentially all
all inflation forecasts for the United
States went up materially as a
consequence of the tariffs. So uh we we
didn't overreact at in fact we didn't
react at all. We're we're simply taking
some time as long as the US economy is
in a in solid shape we think the the the
prudent thing to do is to wait and learn
more and see what those effects might
be. And again, they they haven't really
shown up. Uh, and you know, so we're for
now, we're waiting. How do you think
we'll look back on on 2025? So on um
you're asking me
how we're going to look back on 2025.
Yeah. How will historians look back on
on this year? Is it pivotal?
Uh it's clearly an important it's an
important year. there's uh there's a lot
going on, you know, with trade and uh I
think I'm hopeful that we'll look back
on it as a as a year that where we sign
signific successfully challenge some
significant economic changes and you
know our job is to make sure that that
is the case. You you get attacked by by
the president a lot on a personal basis.
Does it make your job harder? I'm very
focused on just doing my job. I mean
there there are things that the things
that matter are using our tools to
achieve the goals that Congress has
given us. Maximum employment, price
stability, financial stability and
that's that's what we focus on 100%.
Madame Lagardi, if if you were in the
same position as Chair Powell, would you
do anything differently?
I think I speak for myself, but I speak
for all colleagues on the panel. I think
we would do exactly the same thing as
our colleague Jay Powell does. The same
thing. Yeah.
Um, right. Yes.
Some solidarity there from the the the
world solidarity.
I love that. Uh there you have that big
panel there in central that was hosted
of course by our very own Francine Law.
Let's bring in Monica Shiao, founder of
CEO at Triata Capital. I take a look how
bonds have basically rallied in the face
of all this doubbishness that people are
pricing in from the Fed. Now how durable
is this Treasury rally that we're seeing
now? So I think this is the reason why
we had a bit of pullback um last night.
I I think that um the minute we see sort
of any uh wobble in the data uh contrary
to the expectation that's have been
built in um you you get a little bit
more of an outsized move I feel. So you
know we have ADP coming up and then
Thursday sort of the big day uh with pay
non-farm payrolls and uh also the
unemployment claims and so I think um
you we could get some uh decent sort of
intraday volatility ahead of the
holiday. Uh you know that said that this
is really uh to me right now all about
positioning. We've been trending tighter
for a while and reversing some of the
consensus trades like the steepeners as
well. Um so I think that has pulled in
in the last few weeks uh more buying
from real money accounts. Um and then
recently you're seeing quite decent flow
uh coming in from ETFs into bond funds
as well. Uh so that has uh caused you
know all the credit spreads to continue
to tighten. Um and I expect um you know
short of any surprises July probably
will still be a month where credit
spreads are relatively complacent
despite the recent moves. Yeah. Speaking
of spreads tightening, do you think DM
spreads have compressed a little bit too
much or is that something we should
expect given positioning that you've
mentioned? I mean I would say that uh DM
spreads are so tight that you know we
all are looking in uh the EM world for
more premium. So on an alliny yield
basis it's still relatively attractive.
Uh we are able to find um decent high
yield uh bonds that are you know between
8 to 10% yields these days which and all
in is is still pretty good. Uh granted,
you know, in some spots you would have
to take a view, for example, on oil. Um
and you know, we're not afraid to look
at some oil bonds that may be a little
more defensive. For example, you know,
those that still can uh break even at
very low like below 50s. Um you know, we
may take a view each time there's an
overselling in spots like that. Um so
you know I I think that um em overall
also you have really uh areas regions
where you see the macro backdrop in an
improving uh you know sort of uh um
direction for example Sri Lanka you know
which looks like they're going to be
beating uh the expectation of IMF by two
years ahead uh or you know we're also
looking at places like Argentina. So, um
I think it it's really interesting right
now in in credit world where you really
have your spots that you can find uh
hunting grounds. How you view the
dollar, you know, given that you're
looking for opportunities? Um does a
weaker dollar necessarily mean
darization and does a weaker dollar
necessarily mean a weak US market?
That's a good question. And I think that
um my view and I think this leads to
sort of the constant talk these days
about is US exceptionalism going to
continue. Um I think that it's probably
not a a easy black and white answer in
the sense that I believe that people
will continue to invest in US assets but
maybe hedge more. So you know there is
that bifurcation. I think that um it
makes sense for the dollar to have some
structural weakness. I mean, you know,
it wasn't like that many years ago that
DXY was in the 80s, right? So, I think
that um I'm not sure that signals much
else besides um you know, positioning.
Um, of course, fundamentally, there
should be question marks around the fact
that the deficit continues to build
especially after this um you know, big
beautiful bill, whatever they want to
call it. Um I so you know you have
deficit building there and then also um
I don't think we can entirely discount
the talk the rhetoric of um you know
Trump and his administration constantly
berating Powell because you know this
does go to the heart of um you know what
people really hold confidence in America
which is the independence of the Fed. Uh
so so far you know we see that Powell is
holding his own doing a great job at
staying independent. I think for as long
as he's chair he will uh be you know
independent in his his thought process.
Uh but you know in the fall we're going
to see Trump you know potentially name
the next uh chair and presumably he will
pick somebody who will go his way. the
it's it's it's it's been a while since
local I mean to your point you're making
right the other side to the dollar
stories local currency and debt has had
such a sweet spot and I wonder are there
any visible risks right now to to that
because people see the the performance
but they can't quite believe it because
it's been a while since we've had you
know local currency uh outperform
so it's not necessarily a bad thing um
you know the way that uh em markets will
uh be jolted or not really is um it
depends on why the reasons why the
dollar's um you know selling off against
it. uh right now for example you know we
will see some pockets where there will
be more question marks for example we
are more cautious on Taiwan lifers
because the the FX volatility makes it
very difficult for them to hedge and
their reported earnings will be affected
right so I think it depends on how and
what velocity each market is affected um
overall dollar weakness generally has
been um you know good for EM but I think
this is really about um the dollar story
rather than the EM markets story. And I
think that's something we have to keep
in mind. Um and there's just a lot of um
you know positioning and betting uh from
the macro side. Um I I don't think that
this um so far has signaled anything
that we're very um concerned about as a
overall market beta. Um I think you know
the truth is that we still have a lot of
liquidity slushing around looking for
yields right now and just as equity has
way you know exceeded our expectations
this year you know over 50% of global
indices have hit all-time highs you know
who would have thought that in April
when we were dealing with liberation day
so um you know likewise I think credit
is actually in a sweet spot right now
because cash flows are not a problem.
There's so many companies that were able
to come out to refund at very cheap
rates. So, um you know, for now, I think
uh the the carry trade makes sense. I
was going to get your take on Thailand
because you're finding the bonds quite
attractive despite this political crisis
that we're seeing. I mean, this country
has been through many political crises
before, but why is this a buying
opportunity now? So um Thai bonds we've
seen uh blow out wider by you know 25 in
some cases 30 bips depending on the area
of the curve and um you know for us as
you said this is not the first time we
have a transition of power um I think
the recent developments in some way is a
good catalyst to kind of just trigger uh
events for some clarity meaning that you
know if there's a quick power change we
settle down we you know revert back to
looking at the fundamentals of the bond
bonds um you know right now I think that
um you know for example Thai financials
you know are quite interesting um and
also you know the some of the bonds that
are quasi um have blown out and and are
um you know on a relative value basis
cheap um and this is also in the context
of the fact that Asia credit has been
relatively tight so we at least see
pockets where it makes sense that we are
going to revert back to the mean and
this I mean to the point you're making
supply in Asia remain tight and
structurally in favor of, you know,
spreads coming in even further. Well, I
don't know about spreads coming in much
further, but I do think sort of the uh
maintenance in rangebound currently
makes some sense. We've come, you know,
quite a long way and right now we're all
just talking about relative value uh
because, you know, the globally uh
spreads are tighter. uh and and I would
tend to think that um you know at some
point in the next quarter we're going to
see some jolts in that and hopefully a
lot more buying opportunities. Um you
know this comes back to everybody
focusing on the US in whatever region
you are we really have to be looking at
the US right I mean just like in
equities if the US uh indices sell off
usually you have a higher beta embedded
in the non- US equities I think so too
you know in our um world and credit uh
you know we will be following the lead
of where CDX and the you know spreads in
the US go um so you know that said you
You know, I think what's interesting um
now is going back to what we're talking
about in other currencies and the um
dominance of the dollar as a reserve
currency for so long. Um you know
because we have some question marks
around that um it means that we are
seeing um opportunities also in Aussie
dollar bonds in other euro denominated
bonds as well. Um you know I think in in
our in portfolio like others we may be
looking to diversify more in terms of
currency. Monica, thank you so much. We
covered everything
pretty much. Uh Monica S there, founder
and CIO Triata at Capital. Really more
conversation coming up here. In fact, we
just touched on uh Thailand there with
Monica just now. So, City Group comes
on. Of course, we're talking the equity
side of things given the the turmoil.
We've seen the rebound yesterday
specifically in the SET index, but as
you can see, it's been a challenging
year for Thai equities. So, the head of
Thai equities joins us in a couple of
minutes to talk us through the outlook,
opportunities, and perhaps things to
avoid. question mark there. Plenty more
ahead.
[Music]
Well, Thailand's constitutional court
has suspended Prime Minister Patton
Shinawad while it reviews a petition
seeking her permanent removal over
alleged ethical misconduct. The
political turmoil raises concerns about
Thailand's ability to negotiate a
reduction in punitive US tariffs and the
deputy prime minister will serve
meanwhile as acting leader with the
court giving Patton 15 days to respond.
Yeah, let's bring in Bob Tatasiri Nuguan
head of Thai equities at Cityroup
joining us right now to Bangkok to talk
us through the market implications and
and and others. Bob, thank you so much
for joining us. I think before we talk
about the market specifically,
what is city's base case now on
certainly what happens politically
there?
Well, citybased case, hi there. Um,
citybased case, we think that uh in
terms of the pessimism, we we're past
that in terms of the peak and um we're
expecting uh at least uh uh things to be
uh uh more orderly uh going forward.
Can you tell us why? I mean there's a
narrative out there that there might be
a change in government. There's concerns
of a military coup, right? What is this
latest kind of development in the
constitutional court? How does it at
least stabilize things for now?
Sure. So I think a lot of people may,
you know, sort of view the
constitutional court decision to suspend
uh PM Patan, you know, over the league
call with Hunen as a sign of increased
um political um uncertainty. But uh I
think you know I would argue that it's
it's not as negative as it looks. In
fact um you know it's it's it's it's um
it's can even be more uh market positive
in the near term. Um basically uh this
remove you know um the more severe tail
risk that investors had been worried
about namely the risk of a military
coup. Um, previously there's been
growing concern that, you know, mounting
street protests could give the military
justification to step in as we've seen
in the uh Thailand uh past political
cycles. But now, you know, with the
court uh stepping in early and
decisively, I think the system is kind
of handling the crisis through uh legal
and institutional means, which takes
that cool risk off the table. And that's
I think something markets uh tend to
appreciate.
Yeah. And and Bob, so let's assume let's
assume you're correct then that this is
something we can look through and you
know the political instability will
become stable. You know the market has
still even before this episode the
market didn't do well and I wonder how I
should be looking at those other
challenges uh as it pertains to Thailand
and the economy.
Yeah, I mean I mean honestly the market
I mean in terms of the market setup I
mean it's no secret you know Thailand's
been under water for more than two
years. This is the third year that you
know we've been in decline. In fact, the
Fed's been one of the regions's worst
performer. Um but um you know the macro
environment also remains sluggish. But
you know I would kind of argue that well
for past the peak pacivism if you look
at the valuations they're really cheap
across the board you know on our matrix
whether you look at PE price book or
even the uh earnings yield gap. Uh
positioning from for investors has been
extremely light. um expectations are
kind of at the the rock bottom and and
and yet you know we're seeing corporate
buybacks at at all-time highs. So that
kind of tells you something that you
know even companies do see their you
know values in their own shares and and
then I think going forward if you assume
that you know things will get better um
in terms of government formations then I
think that could potentially put a floor
uh under the markets.
What where are the growth prospects
then? I wonder because as Dave mentioned
leading up to this political crisis, we
have a you know a country that's dealing
with trade negotiations with the US
which there's a lot of pressure there.
Uh tourism in the country hasn't been as
robust as it was in years past. So, so
where do you see the opportunities now
in this market?
Well, personally I I mean I I I feel
that a lot of those those those things
we've discussed is is kind of in the
price and um from a sector perspective I
personally like you know services um
Thailand is you know globally known for
hospitality. So you know naturally
things like hotels, tourisms, uh
hospitals, medical tourisms all these
looks compelling especially you know
after the recent valuation corrections.
So those are the kind of uh areas where
I would be uh focusing on.
Okay. And Bob, I'm curious how receptive
are
well separately local investors to that
message you're you're giving out and
foreign investors as well who might have
a different take on it.
Locals have been I think locals have
been pretty catched up. I would say um
foreign like I said um they've been
extremely light in terms of positioning.
So it doesn't take much I think for the
market to actually uh recover from here.
All right Bob we got to leave it there.
Bob Tasha here in Yugun there head of
Thailand equities at Croup in Bangkok.
We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Here
are some of the corporate stories that
we're tracking for you today. Tesla is
expected to report another downbe
quarter with analysts forecasting a 12%
drop in sales from a year ago. That
would follow a 13% decline in the first
quarter. Now, this is despite the
company telling investors in April that
new, more affordable models remain on
track for production. Meanwhile, Tesla
shares are off to a rough start this
quarter as Elon Musk renews his feud
with President Trump over the $3.3
trillion tax and spending bill. And
season 3 of Squid Game has shattered
records, drawing over 60 million views
in just three days. The final season of
the violent dystopian thriller also hit
number one on Netflix in 93 countries.
The show's global success underscores
the rising appeal of Korean
storytelling, and Netflix says 80% of
its members have watched Korean content
since Squid Game debuted in 2021. I
didn't know. I'm really behind. I know.
I'm I haven't watched season 2 yet, but
I heard season 3 is amazing compared to
season. My friends have binge watched it
in like a day. They basically Okay.
Well, that because that was season one.
That was season one. That's pretty much
season one, right? Yeah. Um Yeah. I
stopped watching I got nightmares
actually after You got to be in a mood.
You got to be in a mood to watch it. And
you got to have time, too. What kind of
people have time to watch anyway? But
we're watching the Squid Game Skucks,
though. They were down yesterday on the
back of all this. Um I think people are
just generally just saddened by the fact
that it's the final season. Oh, is it in
some way? Can we show it? There you go.
Down another day. Okay. Selling the
selling the season 3 finale there. Okay.
Uh we're sticking with media and content
here, but really more I guess on the
gaming side of things. pivoting to Japan
right now and shares of some of the
gaming stocks they're on the back of
SNBC I believe Niko coming out with uh a
warning of overheating as far as
valuations looking stretched and just
very quickly maritime stocks in China on
in focus as well. This is really a more
a policy move here as Beijing calling
for more investments in that sector.
Shares are up on policy support. Plenty
more ahead. This is
[Music]
11:00 a.m. in Tokyo right now, 11:30 I
should say, as we approach of course
that lunch break there and we are down
close to 400 points. the NK225 as
concerns around this sort of July 9th
tariff deadline loom for Japan and Trump
Trump saying basically there's he's
sticking with that and not extending it
uh when it comes to negotiations with
Tokyo here that's where the concern here
is right now you are seeing a bit of
weakness in the yen here this morning
but certainly a lot of talk about what
comes next in this whole US Japan talk
yeah so July 9 and the other thing which
I guess we can explore later in the week
is July 5th the
um if you look at some of the um the
predictions around natural disasters
coming through. Anyway, that that that's
a that's a different set of cards uh
that I just opened up there. But yes, uh
let's talk about this tariff
conversation because President Trump
says he's not considering delaying that
tariff deadline of July 9th while
reviewing his threat of course to cut
off talks and impose uh rates on several
nations including including Japan. Have
a look. writing letters to a lot of
countries and I think you're just
starting to understand the process.
We've dealt with Japan. I'm not sure if
we're going to make a deal. I doubt it
with Japan. They're very tough and
therefore you'll pay a 30% 35%
or whatever the number is that we
determined because we also have a very
big trade deficit with Japan as you
know.
Let's bring in John Herskovitz, our East
Asia government's editor with us from
Tokyo now. So it's, you know, we're
again playing that game of ifs, uh,
John. So what what happens if a deal is
not reached by, uh, July 9?
Well, we have the, uh, the reciprocal
tariff rates of 24% are supposed to go
into effect if a deal isn't reached. And
we just you just saw Trump saying that
uh, Japan could go 30 35%.
So, you know, the prospects for a deal
are not looking very good. uh the rates
could be set quite high and Japan is
already getting hit with some of these
re some of these sectoral tariffs on
automobiles and with steel aluminum so
you know it's it's looking kind of
difficult for some sort of agreement and
there's also a worry in Japan that the
country could be used to be made an
example of that Trump could say if you
don't get a deal we're going to do
something really prohibitive and that
has punishing effects um trying to use
Japan as uh kudgel um as as an example
that could force other countries into a
deal. So there are some worries going in
there. Um things don't look good for a
deal. Some other countries are closer,
but um yeah, that's how the at the lay
of the land now going to the July 9th
deadline.
We've heard a lot about rice and that
seems to be a point of of contention.
What might be some areas of where we can
see negotiations?
Yeah, Trump's uh has singled out a
couple of areas. Rice and automobiles
with Japan is things that he wants to
see some action on. And Japan has
offered uh some help with um yeah to
extend its purchases of uh US LNG. It
could help with the US with ship
building. Japan has been a major buyer
of US weaponry for years like the uh
F-35 program. So these are some of the
things that could happen. Rice is one of
the things that could be an area for
negotiation. Japan is facing some rice
shortages now. It could help by doing
some purchases. It could help alleviate
the p the situation with purchases of
some US rice. But there's also one
factor to take into cons consideration
is that Japan is having upper house
elections for parliament later this
month. The ruling LDP relies on rural
voters. This has been a staunch
constituency for the party for years and
it's something that they may not want to
do which it could hurt their prospects
in this vote coming up in just a few
weeks.
And John, the I need to ask you about
Ivonne brought up Rice. I need to ask
you about cars. You know, the prospect
of, you know, massive F-150s
in the, you know, small main streets of
Shibuya. you know what are the chances
Japan makes concessions that allow more
US cars into the country?
Yeah. Know the thing is like um the
effective tariff rate on US automobiles
is about zero now. Um Japan has some
non-tariff barriers about inspections
which could it could ease up to help it
could that could increase the flow of US
cars. But the thing is the US has been
trying for decades to get cars into the
markets here into the market here. and
for the most part it's just been
ineffective. Some things like the size
of the cars um a lot of US cars would
have difficulty fitting between the
lines of parking spots in Tokyo. And
another thing to consider is that about
40% of Japan's auto market is these
things called K light cars which have
small engines below a certain cc really
uh small frames. This is a large segment
of the market and the US automakers
don't make this type of subcompact car.
So they're effectively shutting
themselves out of 40% of the market here
and it's just uh there's 60% for up for
competition. Japanese car makers make
quite good cars. Um other countries have
had difficulties making inroads into
Japan, Korea or China. So the idea that
you could make any concessions,
effective concessions that would
increase the US share of the Japanese
auto market, it seems really difficult.
It just hasn't happened. And it doesn't
look like no matter, it doesn't look
like whatever Tokyo does will lead to
more US cars on Japanese roads.
Yeah, they just don't fit. Practical
thing, John commits there. our East Asia
government editor. He knows everything
about Japan, including cars and how they
fit sidewalks there. All right, let's
talk a little about the Bank of Japan.
Let's stick to Japan because we did hear
from he's saying he's in no rush when it
comes to raising borrowing costs and
signaling a wait andsee approach on
monetary policy. And speaking at the
ECB's annual forum in Portugal, he also
noted the BOJ is closely watching how US
tariffs could impact inflation. Headline
inflation has been above 2% for almost
three years while what we call
underlying inflation is still uh
somewhat below 2%. That's the situation
we are in. But if I could decompose it
further, there's probably about three
components to it. First, there's
underlying inflation uh dictated by wage
price dynamics whereby
increases in prices um affect wages
which further affect prices
uh helped by resilient domestic demand.
This component is is uh go has been
going up slowly but as I said it's still
somewhat below 2%. Then there's going to
be perhaps the second component which
will be the um expected negative uh
effects of possible tariffs on uh the
economy and prices. Uh we are expecting
this to take place but we haven't seen
that yet. There's a third component
which is uh uh domestic supply shock
generated by increases in food prices.
actually this component uh um accounts
for about 50% of the headline inflation
we've got at the moment. So netting
these three uh we think uh the first
component and the second component will
produce a slow increase in underlying
inflation toward 2% by end 26 or 27. uh
the third component food in inflation is
going to subside uh toward the year end.
So that uh we will be closely monitoring
interplays between these three forces.
But governor, how do you view trade
concerns the day after President Trump
threatened Japan with more tariffs?
Well, uh it's it's being negotiated by
our uh minister in in charge. So uh I'm
I'm trying to avoid making any specific
comments on this.
So let let me just ask you what will be
the the key trigger for Japan for
deciding further rate hikes. Okay, it as
I said uh it's it will depend on the
relative strength of of the three
inflation dynamics uh I was describing
and we need some more information to
determine determine that.
Governor Cota there of course out of the
back of Japan speaking with our
colleague Francine Lqua at the ECB
annual forum in Portugal. Right. Uh our
Bloomer clients can watch us live or if
you missed some of the points that uh
Governor O just made there you can
scroll back a little bit of course from
this point in time or you can scroll
back even further. TV go it's a function
you run also dive into any of the
securities and charts that we bring up
here on shows and be part of the
conversation coming up as well. In fact,
we have another coming through as well
in the next segment. Check it out. TV
go. Plenty more ahead. That said, this
is the China show.
[Music]
Right,
welcome back. You're watching the China
Show out of President Trump. Have a look
at that. So, President Trump says Israel
has agreed to conditions for a 60-day
ceasefire in Gaza in a post on Truth
Social. He says that mediators will now
deliver the proposal to Hamas, warning
them that the deal will not get better
and only worse. Trump earlier had also
said an agreement on Gaza could come as
soon as next week. Now, Israel Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is set to
visit the White House on Monday. And
meanwhile, Israel's top diplomat in
Shanghai held a media briefing yesterday
on the recent conflict with Iran,
calling on China to help reign in Iran's
military and nuclear ambitions. Ravit
Bear is the Israeli council general in
Shanghai and she joins us now. Ravit,
it's great to have you on the program
and thank you so much for coming on.
You're saying China is the only one
capable of influencing Iran. Can you
flesh that view for us and really how
much leverage Beijing really has in this
whole conflict?
Well, um thank you for inviting me
today. Um very happy to be here and talk
about uh what had happened until last
week, the 12day um uh operation that we
had in Iran. uh which was you know and I
and I did have a press briefing
yesterday and uh we spoke a lot about
what were the aims of this operation and
uh and the way we saw it as as a major
success in in lifting the Iranian threat
the mostly the Iranian nuclear threat
from the Middle East region specifically
on Israel but not only um on us and we
have spoken a lot about uh what it meant
you know if Iran would have had a
nuclear weapon and and the fact that
this threat, this imminent I mean
immediate threat has been lifted. How is
that very conducive to peace in the
Middle East for settlements uh for um
stopping any kinds of an arm race. Uh we
also spoke about the future and the
future should be uh a place where Iran
kind of gives up its ambitions to have a
nuclear weapon to have a nuclear
military program and that will require
some kind of an agreement or an
international negotiations that will
lead to an agreement which I think is is
probably plausible and in that scenario
China could have a very positive role.
China uh is a very important partner for
Iran. Iran's really economy is highly
reliant on the Chinese uh procurement of
oil uh and many other things and that
makes China um or puts China in a very
unique position in which it can
influence Iran and I think this is a
place where China can be a positive
actor and can contribute to uh an
agreement or a settlement uh in which
the international community and the IAEA
could lead some kind of a settled
agreement with Iran uh on not pursuing
their nuclear ambitions and having some
kind of a program uh that is um
acceptable for the world uh in that in
that
arena and and and this is really
something in which China can be a very
positive um actor
in console general David here in in what
specific way you think uh China can help
stabilize the situation ation.
I think just by you know engaging in
conversation with Iran. I mean they can
be good partners for the conversation.
Uh they could um use their kind of
diplomatic credit towards Iran in
influencing it to agree to a settled um
um you know kind of settled
agreement or some kind of settlement to
the situation in which they um give up
on their nuclear military ambitions and
receive something else from the
international community. I mean this
would be wonderful for Iran. It would be
beneficial for the country. It would be
extremely beneficial for the people of
Iran. The people of Iran are suffering
since 1979 under an oppressive,
horrible, radical Shia Islam uh tyranny
and and which led them to this situation
in which they are under international
sanctions regime uh and their economy is
you know failing for many years now and
it's in critical condition. So, you
know, a settled um um a settled
agreement with the international
community uh on the Iranian nuclear
topic will bring to sanctions relief,
will bring prosperity, will be extremely
beneficial for Iran. But Iran needs
someone to help it make that correct
decision, go into negotiations, go into
settled agreement. And this is where
China has the position to make this
dialogue, make this discussion. uh with
Iran and uh and push it in the right you
know in the right uh path and I think um
this is this puts China in a very uh
important position and you know mind you
that you know China is a very important
member of the international community
it's a member of of the P5 at the
security council it has prominent
position in the IAEA it's even been a
signatory to the uh nuclear agreement uh
of 2015 the JCPOA So I think it would be
wonderful if if China would take this um
position would lead Iran in the right
path and really create a situation in
which Israel and the Middle East and the
Iran the neighbors to Iran are safer um
knowing that Iran will never pursue
again a nuclear military program.
Um they China also buys around 90% of
Iran's oil. I'm just wondering in terms
of the economic ties, is that a point
where you think that Beijing can
actually leverage here in trying to get
Iran to change its activities in the
region?
Well, I think it's always true that when
you know when you have an economic
leverage on on another country, you are
more influential. I think that, you
know, kind of goes without saying. and
uh uh and China knows that and Iran
knows that and uh and you know they can
connect the dots I guess.
Right. Well, if you could help connect
that for us as well. Is is the call for
China to buy less Iranian oil?
Um
I think um
unfortunately a lot of the money and the
revenues that come from selling oil uh
Iranian oil in Iran goes to Iran malign
activities in the region. Um this is
quite remarkable to that a country in
such a terrible economic situation like
Iran and if you look at the numbers uh
their value of their currencies in
all-time low they're in an economic
crisis they have uh you know
unbelievable te death death uh but still
throughout for many years they took
whatever revenues they did get into the
system and diverted so much of it in
order to sponsor for example their
proxies in the region like uh in
Lebanon, like the Houthis that
threatened both Israel but also you know
the immediate neighbors of Iran, like
Saudi Arabia and the UAE. Um militias in
Syria and in in in Iraq. So so much of
the limited funds that came into uh Iran
from selling oil went to those malign
activities and so much went into the
nuclear program, the military nuclear
program, billions and billions of
dollars and their ballistic missiles
program. Um and I don't know the exact
numbers but I can tell you this is
substantial amount from whatever
budget this country has. So um so I
think it is important to understand that
whatever you're buying from Iran,
a lot of that a lot of that fund that
will go into Iran will be diverted to
malign activities to threatening its
neighbors and as an Israeli
representative they specifically
threaten us with different ways. You
know they've been planning um you know
for many many years and we actually have
evidence for that. They've been planning
the the annihilation of the Jewish
state. Uh, you know, this is a a very
firm ideology that Israel should not
exist at all. I mean, we're not talking
about, you know, two-state solutions or
settled or it's not even a Palestinian
issue. They're talking about destroying
completely the presence of Jews in the
Middle East and uh and the Jewish state
in the Middle East. And they do that uh
by all these means by developing a
military nuclear program, ballistic
missiles and arming and training and
funding all those uh militias. So you
know um when you think about how can you
stop that economic way is one of those
ways I guess.
Uh having said that Revy, I'm wondering
Israel itself ha has never joined this
MPTU the treaty on the
non-prololiferation of nuclear weapons.
Do you think that it should?
I think this is uh this at the moment
it's not really a relevant question. I
mean we need to focus about what are the
actual threats in the Middle East. Iran
is signatory to the NPT. It has a
comprehensive safe safeguard agreement
signed with the IAEA and they have many
responsibilities about reporting and
about exposing all their activities
which they have been violating
consistently uh for the last 30 over 30
years now. Uh so I think this really
needs to focus needs to be the focus. I
mean this country Iran has been
threatening Israel in annihilation and
they haven't been doing it you know in
any covered way. They've been doing it
very publicly everyone from the supreme
leader and below him has said it
multiple times. And the fact that you if
you combine
such an aggressive regime that threatens
openly and in and quite you know
consistently the existence of another
country while developing a nuclear
weapon. I think that should be really
the focus of the international community
and console general. I think that we we
hear the message and the message is
clear that you know you know China
buying or having as you as you point out
and underscore economic leverage of Iran
will there's a card China can play there
to to to encourage more stability in the
Middle East. Just to take the other side
to that argument I just I just want you
to hear your comments on this too. If
you know if if the Iranian economy
destabilizes won't that destabilize the
region as well?
Yeah, I totally agree with you. That's
why I'm thinking that an agreement in
which Iran gives up its nuclear military
ambitions would bring to all the
benefits that will stabilize Iran
economically. Um they will you know they
will have sanctions relief. They will be
uh a positive trade partner. They will
be able you can a you know you can buy
oil from them. they will be they will
return to the swift system. I mean think
about all the positive benefits and then
Iran you know you know prospering would
be a better you know nation in this
region but you cannot do all of that
while they have all these you know
negative aspirations. If this country is
pursuing a military uh uh nuclear
program aimed at the annihilation of
another country, it makes no sense on
supporting them economically because
this will actually only pump up even
more their ambitions and their at least
economic capabilities to execute it. So
I do think the right path and and I
don't think China disagree with that. I
think China has declared all the time
that it believes that the right path is
an agreement, a diplomatic agreement and
so on and so forth. So I think that
really aligns with how China views the
point. Uh so you know I agree with you
completely that economic stability of
Iran is an interest of the international
community and of Israel but it has to
come first they have to give up you
first I would love for them to give up
their ambition to destroy the state of
Israel. I think this is would be a
wonderful step ahead but let's start
with stopping their military nuclear
ambitions.
Council General, thank you so much for
for taking the time to speak with us. Uh
it's a very complex issue and we'd love
to speak to you again, of course, when
we have more time in the future. Rabbit
Bear there, uh Israel console general in
Shanghai for us joining us live out of
our Shanghai bureaus there. Right. Uh
just before we wrap up the show here,
lots to get through. Um as far as
markets go, it's fairly fairly stable.
Uh we're looking at what's this property
stocks. Okay. Um why are we looking at
this? Okay. I guess it's on the back of
something to look ahead. before we wrap
up in the next hour which is of course
the the conversations around highore the
the intervention that took place this
week given of course where we are on the
exchange rate and what we really haven't
seen is this chart actually pick back up
in a meaningful way which I guess would
underscore the the pressure that they
need to alleviate as far as the rate
differential rate differential goes
here. Yeah. I I think in the end the the
consensus seems to think that the HKMA
is not done yet that they're going to
have to continue to intervene time and
time again given that there still is
that carry trade there uh when it comes
to the Hong Kong dollar. So I think
Steven Chu from um Bloomberg
Intelligence is saying uh he thinks this
whole FX intervention can send the
highore towards 3% and really defying
some of these Fed cuts as well. So
certainly one to watch here in the
coming days and months. Okay. Uh just a
look at the Hansing index as we go into
the 90minute mark here. the cash market.
It is a reopening day of course to keep
that in mind. So we're 7/10 of 1% as you
can see on the chart quite visually. We
did open uh much much higher and has
we've seen let's call it would split the
difference trading at about the midpoint
of the session right now 24-3. We'll see
you all tomorrow. Plenty more ahead
though on Bloomberg television.
[Music]